Patch 410 (#432)
aquasecurity/cloud-security-remediation-guides: en/aws/autoscaling/asg-multiple-az.md

| **Recommended Action** | Modify the autoscaling instance to enable scaling across multiple availability zones. |

## Detailed Remediation Steps
1. Log in to the AWS Management Console and Search for "EC2" to reach EC2 dashboard.</br><img src="/resources/aws/autoscaling/asg-multiple-az/step1.png"/>
2. In the left navigation panel, scroll down and choose Auto Scaling Groups option under "Auto Scaling".</br> <img src="/resources/aws/autoscaling/asg-multiple-az/step2.png"/>
3. Select the Auto Scaling Group(s) that needs to be modified.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/autoscaling/asg-multiple-az/step3.png"/>
4. Scroll down to select the "Details" tab and check the Availability Zone(s). </br> <img src="/resources/aws/autoscaling/asg-multiple-az/step4.png"/>

> 5. If Availability Zone(s) value under "Network" is set to a single availability zone (e.g. us-east-1b), it cannot launch instances to multiple Availability Zone(s) hence if one Availability Zone becomes unavailable, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling cannot launch instances in another zone.</br><img src="/resources/aws/autoscaling/asg-multiple-az/Step5.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If Availability Zone(s) value under "Network" is set to a single availability zone (e.g. us-east-1b), then it cannot launch instances to multiple Availability Zone(s). /br><img src="/resources/aws/autoscaling/asg-multiple-az/Step5.png"/>
```

6. Select the Auto Scaling Group and click on "Edit".</br><img src="/resources/aws/autoscaling/asg-multiple-az/step6.png"/>

> 7. In the Edit Web-ASG page  scroll down to "Network" and from the dropdown select the desired multiple availibility zones one by one and add the Subnet(s) to make the Auto Scaling Group available to Multiple Availability Zone(s).</br><img src="/resources/aws/autoscaling/asg-multiple-az/step7.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. In the Edit Web-ASG page scroll down to "Network" and from the dropdown select the desired multiple availability zones one by one and add the Subnet(s) to make the Auto Scaling Group available to Multiple Availability Zone(s).</br><img src="/resources/aws/autoscaling/asg-multiple-az/step7.png"/>
```
